What's not possible?
He last night
Obviously, it was with Li to help you go back.
You shut up
Is there a place for you to speak?
Yesterday, Wang Tou Song Jingyun returned to my Ling family
And you, as Jingyun's husband
Jingyun, as your wife
Not just watching
Also united a concubine
Infinite respect for soldiers
Do you want to spoil your concubine and destroy your wife?
Oh my god.
I didn't expect Gu Beichen to be such a person
Isn't this just spoiling the concubine and destroying the wife?
His wife doesn't take it home herself
Instead, focus on
Put it on a little gentleman who never came through the door
If this were me
It must be known all over the city
Mrs. Gu is really generous
I actually swallowed everything in my stomach
This Gu Dujun was domineering
Now it seems like it deserved it.
No, I don't.
Without Gu Beichen, have you done less?
Beichen, don't be afraid
Let's come over today.
It was supposed to be a showdown with the neighbors
Okay, I'm here today to take a candid photo with you.
I actually have no feelings for Lin Jing for a long time
But I still want to thank you for your 100,000 investment
I will make good use of him
Take advantage of the fact that you think you still have this opportunity
What do you mean?
Commander in Chief